Add new Readme with detailing (#1)
Figur8/noiteDev: README.md

## ⌨️ Development

Use Gitpod, a free online dev environment for GitHub.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Suspir0n/noiteDev.git)

Or use code locally using:
```bash
cd "Directory of your preference"
git clone https://github.com/Suspir0n/noiteDev.git

### Construction

To build the project with Nodejs, execute the commands below:

```bash
npm init
npm install
```

The command will download the file called *package.json*.

## Features

The project can be used as a template to start the development of a Javascript project using Nodejs. It also demonstrates in a practical way how to create a Student Register and also demonstrate in a table in nodejs quickly and easily.

## Configuration

To execute the project, it is necessary to use VS Code or an IDE of your preference, so that it identifies the dependencies necessary for execution in the repository. Once the project is imported, it will be possible to test its functionality in real time.

As you will use the database, you will need the Workbench to be able to test your database or in case of an error you can easily resolve it

## Contributions

> Contributions are always welcome! I hope I have helped someone in need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contributions are always welcome! I hope that it will help someone!
```

#  NoiteDev

> [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/condessalovelace/mavenquickstart.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/condessalovelace/mavenquickstart) ![Quality Gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=br.com%3Amavenquickstart&metric=alert_status)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Description 

This project illustrates an example of a simple registrer of students for learning.

## Demostration

![prototype](./img/prototype.png)

## Starting

To run the project, you will need to install the following programs:

> - [MySQL: a toolkit, necessary to carry out the project] (https://www.mysql.com/)
> - [XAMPP: a server to upload the database] (https://www.apachefriends.org/pt_br/index.html)
> - [Nodejs: Required to create the project] (https://nodejs.org/en/)
> - [VS Code: For project development] (https://code.visualstudio.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [MySQL: a toolkit, necessary to carry out the project](https://www.mysql.com/)
- [XAMPP: a server to upload the database](https://www.apachefriends.org/pt_br/index.html)
- [Nodejs: Required to create the project](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [VS Code: For project development] (https://code.visualstudio.com/)
```

> ## Development
> 
> To start the development, it is necessary to clone the GitHub project in a directory of your choice:
> 
> ```
> cd "Diretory of your preference"
> git clone https://github.com/Suspir0n/noiteDev.git
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ⌨️ Development

Use Gitpod, a free online dev environment for GitHub.

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/Suspir0n/noiteDev.git)

Or use code locally using:
```bash
cd "Directory of your preference"
git clone https://github.com/Suspir0n/noiteDev.git
```
```

### Construction

To build the project with Nodejs, execute the commands below:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

> npm init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm init
npm install
```

```

> The command will download the file called * package.json *.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will download the file called *package.json*.
```

> With that, MySQL would be missing. For such action, execute the command below:
> 
> ```
> npm install mysql --save
> ```
> 
> The command will download all the dependencies you need to use this tool.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Features

The project can be used as a template to start the development of a Javascript project using Nodejs. It also demonstrates in a practical way how to create a Student Register and also demonstrate in a table in nodejs quickly and easily.

## Configuration

> To execute the project, it is necessary to use VsCode or an IDE of your preference, so that it identifies the dependencies necessary for execution in the repository. Once the project is imported, it will be possible to test its functionality in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To execute the project, it is necessary to use VS Code or an IDE of your preference, so that it identifies the dependencies necessary for execution in the repository. Once the project is imported, it will be possible to test its functionality in real time.
```

As you will use the database, you will need the Workbench to be able to test your database or in case of an error you can easily resolve it

## Contributions

> Contributions are always welcome! I hope I have helped someone in need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want more details about each line of code, visit this site here
```
